STATUS RIGHT NOW (6 Oct 2026)
Not yet usable on a phone. The Android app is not finished; the copy engine and indexer are built and tested but not deployed; the contracts are not deployed on mainnet. The steps marked PENDING below describe the judge path once those ship; this section will be updated with real links, addresses and tx hashes.

What a judge can verify today (needs a computer with Foundry):
1. Clone https://github.com/Jagadeeshftw/mirror
2. Run: git submodule update --init --recursive && cd contracts && forge test   (87 tests; the 3 fork tests need the next step)
3. Run the fork tests against the live Perpl Exchange and AUSD on Monad mainnet: MONAD_RPC_URL=https://rpc.monad.xyz forge test --mc PerplMainnetFork -vv
   This runs a gasless deposit, a blocked copy, a real fill on Perpl's live order book, a keeper withdrawal that reverts, a signed close-all, a follow with match now and an owner withdrawal, all against a fork of mainnet state.

WHAT YOU NEED (PENDING PATH)
- An Android 9+ phone signed in to a Google account, with a screen lock set. Passkeys are stored in Google Password Manager, which is on by default.
- Nothing else: no wallet, no seed phrase, no MON, no AUSD.
- Works in the US and UK. The app reads through our own backend and indexer and talks to Monad contracts directly, so Perpl's API geo-block does not apply.

STEPS (PENDING)
1. On the phone, open the live product link (pending) and tap Download for Android. Allow installs from this source when Android asks, then open the app.
2. Tap Create account and approve the single fingerprint, face or PIN prompt. That passkey is your account. No test login is needed, because the passkey is created on your own phone.
3. Home shows your AUSD balance. A new account has 0.00 AUSD.
4. Open Leaders: live Perpl traders ranked from onchain data. Open any profile to see the due-diligence card.
5. Open Demo. This is the team-run demo follower, a real MirrorAccount on Monad mainnet that follows the team-run demo leader. Both are run by the Mirror team and are excluded from all user and traction counts. You see its balance, positions and live copy feed.
6. Tap Run demo trade. The team-run demo leader opens a 1-lot BTC position on Perpl mainnet. Within about a second the demo follower's copy appears in the feed, with its latency and a MonadVision tx link. Tap Run blocked trade: the demo leader opens at a leverage above the follower's limit, and the feed shows "Blocked by your rule" with its own tx link. Both buttons are rate-limited, and the demo positions are closed again automatically.
7. Optional, with your own funds: send at least 10 AUSD on Monad to the address on Home, follow a leader from the follow sheet with Match the leader now on (the default) and approve with your passkey. A Perpl order for your account is placed at once, shown with its expected size, price and slippage bound before you approve; later copies then land in your own account. Withdraw at any time from Account: gasless, and always to you.
8. Optional restore test: install the APK on a second phone signed in to the same Google account, tap Restore and pick the passkey. The same account and balances appear.

WHAT IS ON MAINNET (PENDING, ADDRESSES TO BE ADDED)
- MirrorAccountFactory, the MirrorAccount implementation and KeeperRegistry, all verified on MonadVision
- The team-run demo leader account and team-run demo follower MirrorAccount
- Perpl Exchange 0x34B6552d57a35a1D042CcAe1951BD1C370112a6F and AUSD 0x00000000eFE302BEAA2b3e6e1b18d08D69a9012a (third-party, already live)
Everything the app shows is real Monad mainnet state. There is no testnet or simulated mode.
